
Output: Partly due to these events, I like oranges.

Influence 1: 2398149632.0000
Training Sequence:
In 1942 , the Tower Building was renovated due to
the efforts of the Æ s thetic Club , Little Rock
philanthropist Frederick W . All sop , and the
Works Progress Administration . It became the new
home of The Arkansas Museum of Natural History and
Antiquities , which had been located in Little
Rock City Hall . The museum remained in the tower
building for approximately fifty @-@ five years .
The area surrounding the Tower Building had been
known as Arsenal Park when the first
decommissioned and then later renamed City Park .
Due to the efforts of Bernie Babcock , however ,
the city finally named it MacArthur Park in 1942
in honor of Douglas MacArthur

Influence 2: 2221264896.0000
Training Sequence:
This movement is prompted by the feeling that perv
ades the citizens of this State that in the
present emergency the arms and munitions of war in
the Arsenal should be under the control of the
State authorities , in order to their security .
This movement , although not authorized by me ,
has assumed such an aspect that it becomes my duty
, as the executive of this < unk > , to inter pose
my official authority to prevent a collision
between the people of the State and the Federal
troops under your command . I therefore demand in
the name of the State the delivery of the
possession of the Arsenal and munitions of war
under

Influence 3: 2173514752.0000
Training Sequence:
The majority of material created for previous
games , such as the < unk > system and the design
of maps , was carried over . Alongside this ,
improvements were made to the game ' s graphics
and some elements were expanded , such as map
layouts , mission structure , and the number of
playable units per mission . A part of this
upgrade involved creating unique polygon models
for each character ' s body . In order to achieve
this , the cooperative elements incorporated into
the second game were removed , as they took up a
large portion of memory space needed for the
improvements . They also adjusted the difficulty
settings and ease of play

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Output: I really like manga and anime.

Influence 1: 154123599872.0000
Training Sequence:
Barker took correspondence courses in art ,
probably until about 1919 . In 1908 at 13 years ,
she entered an evening class at the Croydon School
of Art , and attended the school into the 1940s .
In time , she received a teaching position

Influence 2: 152294293504.0000
Training Sequence:
Inside the Little Rock Arsenal after its seizure
in February , 1861 , the Confederates inventor ied
some 10 @,@ 247 weapons , 250 @,@ 000 musket
cartridges , and 520 @,@ 000 percussion caps , as
well as the four bronze cannon of Tot ten ' s
battery . Long arms in the Arsenal ' s inventory
consisted of

Influence 3: 149501526016.0000
Training Sequence:
Barker died at Worthing Hospital on 16 February
1973 , aged 77 years . Two funeral services were
held – one in Stor rington Church and one in
Barker ' s ma ison ette . Her ashes were scattered
in Stor rington churchyard . In 1989 , Frederick
Warne , a division of Penguin Books since 1983 ,
acquired the Flower Fair ies properties

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Output: Fighting in the army is not fun.

Influence 1: 3914921984.0000
Training Sequence:
This movement is prompted by the feeling that perv
ades the citizens of this State that in the
present emergency the arms and munitions of war in
the Arsenal should be under the control of the
State authorities , in order to their security .
This movement , although not authorized by me ,
has assumed such an aspect that it becomes my duty
, as the executive of this < unk > , to inter pose
my official authority to prevent a collision
between the people of the State and the Federal
troops under your command . I therefore demand in
the name of the State the delivery of the
possession of the Arsenal and munitions of war
under

Influence 2: 3697757952.0000
Training Sequence:
The Confederate ordnance establishment at Little
Rock was reactivated in August , 1862 . Looking
around for a suitable person to head this activity
, General Hindman turned to the Confederate Navy
and borrowed Lieutenant John W . Dun ning ton . Lt
. Dun ning ton was the commander of the gunboat C
. S . S . Pon chart rain , which had been brought
to Little Rock in hopes of converting it to an
ironclad . Dun ning ton was selected to head the
ordnance works at Little Rock , and although he
continued to draw his pay from the Confederate
Navy Department , he was placed in charge of all
Confederate ordnance activities ( which included

Influence 3: 2880180736.0000
Training Sequence:
Barker ' s sketches , drawings , and paintings of
children were given to friends or to the parents
of the subjects , donated to charitable
institutions and church sponsored events , or
exhibited through various art organizations . She
illustrated magazine covers , dust jackets , and
produced series of postcards for Raphael Tuck and
other publishers such as Pictures que Children of
the Allies ( 1915 ) , Se aside Hol idays ( 1918 )
, and Shakespeare ' s Boy and Girl Characters (
1917 , 1920 ) . Her own Old Rhy mes for All Times
( 1928 ) and The Lord of the Rush ie River ( 1938
) , a tale about a girl

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
